technical_debt.md, before:

# Technical debt
Use this file to track the tech debt that is too small to go into a ticket. Please prefix each task/issue with your initials. Delete any tasks/issues that have been completed, don't feel the need to re-order the numbers.

e.g.
`1. AW: Add print stylesheet`

You can tag items with priorities if you want. Normal priority should remain untagged, others should be tagged as follows:

High priority: [HP]
Low priority [LP]
Nice to have: [NTH]

## Issues:
1. AF: Minor bug in the gulp build as it requires a manual refresh to show the css.
4: AF: Bug in CT Gen which puts the previous month in the creation date.

## Tasks:

9. AF: [NTH] Make codepen examples
17. AF: [NTH] Add android colour tabs
20: AF: Create clarity toolkit package
21: AF: Add release tagging to the publishing tool
22: AF: Revisit Travis now the repos have split
24: AF: [NTH] Replace cssnano with proper postcss implementation
25: AF: [HP] Add component-level CasperJS tests
26: AF: [HP] Look into replacing Iconfonts with SVGs

## Hacks:

Commit message:

Added initial elements for commenting component

technical_debt.md, after:

# Technical debt
Use this file to track the tech debt that is too small to go into a ticket. Please prefix each task/issue with your initials. Delete any tasks/issues that have been completed, don't feel the need to re-order the numbers.

e.g.
`1. AW: Add print stylesheet`

You can tag items with priorities if you want. Normal priority should remain untagged, others should be tagged as follows:

High priority: [HP]
Low priority [LP]
Nice to have: [NTH]

## Issues:
1. AF: Minor bug in the gulp build as it requires a manual refresh to show the css.
4: AF: Bug in CT Gen which puts the previous month in the creation date.

## Tasks:

9. AF: [NTH] Make codepen examples
17. AF: [NTH] Add android colour tabs
20: AF: Create clarity toolkit package
21: AF: Add release tagging to the publishing tool
22: AF: Revisit Travis now the repos have split
24: AF: [NTH] Replace cssnano with proper postcss implementation
25: AF: [HP] Add component-level CasperJS tests
27: AF: Replace component level header styling with default header mixin (to be more DRY)
28: AF: Audit components and possibly create a new 'layout' component type.

## Hacks:
